So now that we've completed the warm up,
it's time to start getting into the essence of this course.
We'll look at how we can give our smart contract the ability to be paused.
The reason why you'd want to do that is to prevent financial loss.
For example, if you discover a bug in your smart contract and it's executing
and people are using it to extract funds from the smart contract,
that's something that you'd want to stop
immediately while you figure out what is the correct solution to mitigate the problem.
So that's a really good reason to be able to
have the ability to pause your smart contract.
In a lot of industries,
the term that's used is called stop loss.
This is especially true in retail industry,
where when there is an adverse situation in progress,
the first thing you want to do is to be able to prevent further loss.
So that's what we're going to focus on with the operational status.
Before we go on, let's take our first quiz.
What scenarios would require a smart contract to be paused?